[Music] We
continue to see opinions because
we have the statement from the lawyer of
the lawyers statement Oh no this
statement from Isabel Pantoja is
worth it because apparently Nacho gay
this Nacho gay the one who collaborated is the one
from vanitatis
the bad body
carando heart my goodness my goodness I don't
know my goodness my goodness in light of
recent information published in
various media outlets
we want to clarify that Isabel Pantoja has not
made any statement in this
regard any information attributed
to the artist in this regard is
completely false and does not correspond with
statements made by her or her
team as stated by different
media outlets let's have respect and rigor
in the treatment of information in other
words on the program son solle and in
tardear sea Nacho gay has said that
Isabel Pantoja had spoken out on
the subject what a disgrace for
Isabel Pantoja eh I also tell you eh And
Belén what's going on with what but are you
mad at me No I'm not mad it's just that it
seems to me that here we are all
lawyers judges and everything I'm not saying it for I'm
saying it for Mr.
Matamoros lawyers
not totally  Let me explain that by
calling let me explain that it seems
very good to me but it seems that people are
doing their job I am that I have not
read It is that I have arrived and I still do not know that it is that I do
not know what we
know
nothing I understand the fool of Belén
Esteban I understand perfectly and I
understand
that I understand that she does not want or rather
believe the first thing okay she does not want to believe she does
not want to accept what is happening I
understand perfectly and it is
completely understandable as a friend
okay but it is what there
is in another order of things I warn you that we have to
ban alazne you have more
horns than crazy deer I am warned
eh I am aware eh from Moldova the
betrayal brother The betrayal brother
nothing we send a kiss to my Albert
then when you have a gap to see
something that is not so scatological well
scatological would not be the word morbid
morbid visit the channel of alberdo
menec okay look at his videos and so on
today he is also dealing with this subject
okay from Anabel Pantoja but today above
all what he is doing is with the subject  from the
Benidorm Fest that I am a topic that I do not
follow okay it does not catch my attention
you know that I am a little specialized but I
recommend to all that you see Alber
also okay And I am warned they are
consented horns super before or is it from
now on when the courts are going to start to
say well This is going to start to say
what no If they are going to start to a happened
with
Bel in another case it was not it was not
child abuse it was a neglect in the
care of the minor and and a court
court sent all the journalists
a court sent Lidia Lidia and Belén
join How how how Wait I was not
listening to Patiño that you have
distracted me with the horns before or is it from
now on when the courts are
going to start to say well This is going to start
to say what No if they are going to start to a
happened with
Belén in another case it was not it was not
child abuse it was a neglect in the
care of the minor and and a court in
court sent qu Belén all the peri
prosecutor's office of the
minor Lidia Lidia and Belén
join It is that it is  very important this is
us but so that the High Court knows
what this common has done Yes
but what bothers me the most is the
whitewashing in all the
television programs no Let's see, it is a
very delicate subject It is that this is a mark that
remains in Anabel And in the family
for life it is a very
delicate subject it is a subject that maybe
suddenly the girl No, she has not done anything
wrong okay
e It's that you know to me [ __ ] really it is that it
is a very big imprudence eh if it
is a shaking of more than 5 seconds as
the p psychologist was saying it is a
very big imprudence [ __ ] it is that it is
a very strong and very delicate subject eh the
statement of the superior court of
justice is impeccable It is that the court
the statement of the superior court of
justice also I tell you leaves me with
many
eh many more doubts than to solve it pu of
course it is telling you Well it is not
intentional it does not have to be
intentional
eh And it is also telling you well it is
clear that there is a person who has been the one who
has committed the act, that is to say this,
these injuries are caused by a
person and then it is telling you that  They don't
have a, they don't have, they don't see a risk of
danger with the girl going home with her
parents,
but the investigation continues
because the because they are not being
sincere, either is that the statement
is telling you the parents are not
saying things that coincide with the
medical report or later the forensic report of the
expert. And why is a
procedure derived to a place of
d theoretically the events occurred as a
result of information that
was that affected the mind, I have
said to those who do
not know, they do not know what happened,
that there was a, what
happened, the injury etc. all
that, no, it's not that I am referring
to the other, obviously, of
course, I am referring to what was in the
news unfortunately yesterday and continues to be
today, the truth is that I am very much with
Matamoro. Look, let's listen, let's
read or I am going to read it, you are going to
hear it,
okay, about this statement from the
Superior Court of Justice, what
Ureli has said, the Superior Court of Justice
of the Canary Islands has done its job, there is an
ongoing investigation, we must be cautious,
only justice will determine the end of
this investigation, assume that
this process is  will archive is very
bold he is saying this because
here the reading college This ok look
what he is saying I had also
consulted with judicial sources who already
pointed out to me that the filing of this
case was going to happen if not
tomorrow after the weekend, that is to
say there is absolutely
nothing here This is that the reading guy has completely pulled this out
of his ass that
judicial sources have told him that the
filing is going to be if not tomorrow the day after
Hello, well this is a this a vlaco this
is a vlaco this is a vlaco because
because we have in another media the
statement that is telling you the
opposite what topic eh How is
this getting ugly and strong eh A
kiss my tesa heart Thank you very much 22
super chat we are almost halfway through
this is a big vlaco from this college I will
say it in Montero I am going to leave it for
another live okay maybe I will see it
tomorrow with Marina because today we are going to
close with this topic because it is almost
1 and I have to go to the kids for
a while okay blame the media for
echoing an official document doesn't
seem fair to me Precisely in the
protection of a minor, we must
investigate every last detail,
we'll see and then I wanted to put This is okay,
this is like this is like a video that
people are sharing now
with this whole case okay And it tells you a
little about how to act I don't know if I should put it I
think we should share it so
that you all have a little
awareness also so that it can be spread
okay
this is like when the baby stays
like stuck Don't
look look, stops
breathing, doesn't respond to
stimulus or this happens You get scared eh
[Music]
oh oh than Oh
than apparently it's something that happens okay
he'll recover and return to
normal Okay and he says don't yell at him don't
move him hard don't hit him just
accompany him calmly okay I'm surprised in
fact that they recorded this tiktok, I
mean I'm very surprised that they were able to
record it with such naturalness yes it
's true that this baby is much
bigger what I read yes you're correct
that means that a baby of 40 days 50
days
eh well, a lot, a lot, a
lot more  delicate Okay
my daughter did that how scary eh How scary
I am luckily neither of them has
ever done anything like that to me the
truth is that I touch wood because
they both have always had a
little thing like any parent not
a little scare that makes you run away but
but nothing nothing serious nothing serious but
this is true that as I have
seen that it is lived in a very normal way
no then of course this could have
happened to her and that it and that it
shook her you know I don't know the truth that she
got scared And and what and that because of the scare she
acted badly well it could be well it
could be she is 50 Now when she was admitted she was
less Yes I think 40 and something 40
and something days Well it could be the truth I'll
tell you what I'm telling you
i